Document -Xrender-internal-diagnostic-names (#5092)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/compiler-reference.md

If you have many warnings to exclude from the general rules, you can list them in a separate file using [`@argfile`](#argfile).

> `DIAGNOSTIC_NAME`s can be discovered via [`-Xrender-internal-diagnostic-names`](#xrender-internal-diagnostic-names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [`-Xrender-internal-diagnostic-names`](#xrender-internal-diagnostic-names) to discover the `DIAGNOSTIC_NAME`.
```
